### Absract ###
Vegetation biomass is a key variable in terrestrial carbon sinks, acting as important absorbers of anthropogenic CO2 emissions. Climate change will alter the flows of carbon into vegetation via carbon fertilisation and changing environmental variables. Terrestrial ecosystem models (TEM) are used to understand and predict the effect of these vegetation influences under climate change. The CARDAMON model data fusion framework allows for the creation of TEMs with pixel-specific parameters, uncertainties and drivers. A set of monthly time step, 0.25ยบ resolution simulations of the effects of climate change on Kenya was produced using CARDAMON. This study analyses these CARDAMON simulations over Western-Central Kenya to assess how four Shared Socio-economic Pathways of climate change will alter its carbon dynamics. This study concludes that Western-Central Kenya acts as a net sink of carbon in all scenarios. However, the study shows that when human forest harvest and fire are included, only in two scenarios (SSP245 and 585) does the net sink still occur. Additionally, this study reveals general increase in carbon stocks of both live biomass and dead organic matter. In contrast, dramatic losses of biomass in key Kenyan forests are observed, driven by simulated climate and forest harvest. This study also concludes that while carbon fertilisation is the main driver for change, climatic changes and human disturbance also act as important drivers of future carbon cycling. Finally, this study attributes most of the uncertainty in future predictions to the model, while still recognising the contribution of climate. 
